My father-in-law is in good health and there is nothing serious.
Children, it’s okay to give up Taier.
I'd like to make a few announcements for my father-in-law, and just don't worry about anything else.
Guaranteed to be a generous kid.
That's good, I'll let you suffer.
It was really scary at first, but did you figure it out later?
It is to yourself that there is no danger.
Be careful when you go out. You really can't get along with Pai Tie.
protect you.
Don't get caught up in you and the truth.
Tiefuluduan can give it to you. Don’t I even have the wisdom to follow the instructions?
Then I don't know martial arts, so Yue Zhang is not worried about my safety.
Where is your majesty on this road?
You listen to my feet
You listen to my explanation
You did it
I'm sorry for this princess
Didn’t I get angry with myself just to save you?
I haven't heard from you
Always having trouble making sense
As long as this method works
Rescue you as quickly as possible
And Yue Zhan wouldn’t be right either
The Qing Dynasty came out with grass
That's the only way
Only in this way can we write about the hard work of both parties.
You think it's so good that Your Majesty has been there all this time?
Two months gone
Look, Vivian will listen to your physical examination and check it out.